so today we've come to join DG shrine on
the outskirts of Tokyo which is supposed
to be very famous for its delicious soba
I've never been here and it's actually a
lot cooler than it was in Tokyo when I
arrived in Tokyo Tokyo was really hot
but it's nice here so we're gonna walk
around and see what has to offer
Vasa why do you Nikita carry on ago talk
about histolytica Pais you get it
do you
we found a smile apparently if you put
this on your face you'll become
beautiful forever I love that there's
grass right here because we don't see
grass like this in Japan very often it I
just want to lie down on the grass all
day so this has been my day I took a
plane at 8:30 got to Tokyo around 11:30
came here and we've been shooting for a
few hours and now it's four o'clock and
I haven't eaten anything so now there's
more stuff to do we're gonna go do it
you gotta stay
you